Upshot of training: AEM 6.1
========

Additional Tasks
1)	Grid Parsys
2)	Hero Component
3)	Breadcrumb Component
4)	Search field
5)	Events Planner

Note: For all tasks use Sightly & Sling models. Create dialogs for Classic & Touch UI.

Grid Parsys
Implement grid from parsys which would contain the same “Grid Parsys” and other components. Dialog
would allow to set count of rows & columns.
Note: It is necessary to delete unused nodes after editing, use Sightly & Sling models. Create dialogs
for Classic & Touch UI.

Hero Component
Implement component, which contains image, plain text, rich text and link. Dialog would have 3 tabs: 1 - for image (possible to drop or upload image, try disabled mode); 2 -plain text (simple text field), rich (rich text component with formatting, links & etc);  3 - link, link text (possibility to select path only from your site and selection where to open this link: blank, new tab... ).


Breadcrumb Component
-	Implement page structure with inheritance. Should have three types: master page, home page and content page. Master is the parent page for other types it contains common things like header, footer, libs etc. Home page is the root of your site and all other pages will be stored under it. Content page is just regular page with some data. Avoid creating unnecessary templates.
-	Implement component for navigation. [Home -> Page1 -> Page2 -> … -> Parent of current page -> Current(not link) ] For ${Page%d} - ‘Navigation Title’ should be used if no then ‘Page Title’ -> Title. Pages are marked as “Hide in Navigation” should be skipped.

Search field
Create search field component included in header implemented in previous task. Component should have implementation of XPath, SQL2, Predicates. Corresponding engine is selected in dialog. The search should be performed on the child nodes.


Events Planner
Create service to provide event management.
1.	Event component (Date should be Date)
2.	Event admin page
3.	Service to provide data (should be configurable)
4.	“Render” servlet and services to provide data in corresponding format (xml, json)
5.	Pages to show events table
6.	Add sorting to column headers (Event viewer).
7.	Add pagination (Event viewer).


During training you may need to prepare maven project for AEM. The easiest way is to use Maven Archetype.
It is possible to use:
1.	https://kb.epam.com/display/EPMAEM/Maven+Archetype
2.	AEM archetype: mvn org.apache.maven.plugins:maven-archetype-plugin:2.4:generate -DarchetypeGroupId=com.adobe.granite.archetypes -DarchetypeArtifactId=aem-project-archetype -DarchetypeVersion=11 -DarchetypeCatalog=https://repo.adobe.com/nexus/content/groups/public


Note: Artifact generated by this archetypes requires an unobfuscated uber jar from Adobe to be installed and available in local (or any other configured) Maven repository
Unobfuscated version of uber jar can be downloaded directly from Adobe website, DayCare access required, or requested form EPAM Content Competency

Uber jar should be installed into maven repo using following command (exmample for 6.2)
mvn install:install-file -Dfile=cq-quickstart-6.2.0-apis.jar -DgroupId=com.adobe.aem -DartifactId=uber-jar -Dversion=6.2.0 -Dclassifier=apis -Dpackaging=jar





This a content package project generated using the multimodule-content-package-archetype.

Building
--------

This project uses Maven for building. Common commands:

From the root directory, run ``mvn -PautoInstallPackage clean install`` to build the bundle and content package and install to a CQ instance.

From the bundle directory, run ``mvn -PautoInstallBundle clean install`` to build *just* the bundle and install to a CQ instance.

Using with VLT
--------------

To use vlt with this project, first build and install the package to your local CQ instance as described above. Then cd to `content/src/main/content/jcr_root` and run

    vlt --credentials admin:admin checkout -f ../META-INF/vault/filter.xml --force http://localhost:4502/crx

Once the working copy is created, you can use the normal ``vlt up`` and ``vlt ci`` commands.

Specifying CRX Host/Port
------------------------

The CRX host and port can be specified on the command line with:
mvn -Dcrx.host=otherhost -Dcrx.port=5502 <goals>


